Remove version from hosted documentation path (#2780)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: doc/content/example-template/_index.md

1. Requirement 1
2. Requirement 2

## New Features {{< new-in-version "3.8.5">}}

> Use the {{< new-in-version >}} shortcode to tag documentation for features added in a particular version of {{% tts %}}. For documentation that targets `master`, that's the next patch bump, e.g `3.8.x`. For documentation targeting `develop` that's the next minor bump, e.g `3.x`. Check the CHANGELOG for the current version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `{{< new-in-version "3.8.5" >}}` shortcode to tag documentation for features added in a particular version of {{% tts %}}. For documentation that targets `master`, that's the next patch bump, e.g `3.8.x`. For documentation targeting `develop` that's the next minor bump, e.g `3.x.0`. Check `tools/bin/mage version:current` for the current version.
```
